Set Basemap Sample (#76)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/set_basemap/README.md

# Set basemap

> Change a map's basemap. A basemap is beneath all layers on an `ArcGISMap` and is used to provide visual reference for the operational layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change a map's basemap. A basemap is beneath all layers on a map and is used to provide visual reference for the operational layers.
```
The design is wrong here, we shouldn't have classes referenced in the description. So just tweak to map. (I'll clean up the design).

> ![Image of change basemap](set_basemap.png)

Reviewer 2: This should be "Image of set basemap"

## Use case

Basemaps should be selected contextually. For example, in maritime applications, it would be more appropriate to use a basemap of the world's oceans as opposed to a basemap of the world's streets.

## How to use the sample

> Use the drop down menu to select the active basemap from the list of available basemaps.

Reviewer 2: "drop down menu" isn't right for mobile -- it should say "drawer" I think

## How it works

1. Create an `ArcGISMap` object.

> 2. Set the map to the `ArcGISMapView` object.

Reviewer 2: It should be "the `ArcGISMapViewController` object"

3. Choose a new basemap type and set it on the map.

## Relevant API

* ArcGISMap

> * ArcGISMapView

Reviewer 2: Should be `ArcGISMapViewController` -- which means gotta run the script after to generate the other metadata file.
